Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Sergio Molina: Good yourself.
Good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How's your day been
Sergio Molina: Good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm going to update your treatment plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think the last time we met was about a little bit three months ago individually, just want to see where you are in the plans that we initially discussed when you join the program and what no goals you want to add
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You sure you okay look tired.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, I just got off work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, thanks for making your appointment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How's your family doing
Good.
Sergio Molina: Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good getting cabin fever, because the kids are home. So now become mom teacher and employee.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Didn't realize I will make it
Sergio Molina: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, so when you first joined the program, you said you wanted to stay sober. Um, how has that process been for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah lapses in cravings that you've been struggling with
No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm sorry, said you wanted to keep your job and your lifestyle.
Sergio Molina: Got it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you haven't lost your job or anything in the in this pandemic.
Sergio Molina: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, I'm buy a house, where are you in that process.
Sergio Molina: Still working on it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, filling up your credit. Right.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there any other things that you want to add to your treatment plan is short term goals go
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We have emotional triggers.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Please say bringing back the past and being around negative people were triggers for you.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, I've been staying
Sergio Molina: Away from people so
Sergio Molina: Good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you said sobriety is something that you're stable with what is something where maybe it's more emotional that you want to work on, or what skills to do better at
Sergio Molina: Being in a much better mood every day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would a better mood look like for you.
Sergio Molina: More sense of humor, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Okay, see you more serious.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So how does that seriousness presented itself in relationships as to why you would want to work on.
Sergio Molina: I tried to open myself up a little bit more open relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thankful So work on being less serious to be enjoying life a little more laughing or smiling more
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Okay. All right. So let's think about it from this aspect. What triggers you or how has childhood or current experiences affected you would be so serious.
Sergio Molina: How has it affected me
Sergio Molina: It's affect me and a lot of ways.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like what, why do you think you're so serious.
Sergio Molina: Because of the things that I've heard in the past.
Sergio Molina: I guess rough childhood, I guess you could say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So being serious, was how you adapted or was it more like a survival technique.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, pretty much. Survival technique.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There are certain things, certain reactions or certain environments where you find that you're more serious than others.
Sergio Molina: around people that I don't know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't have to be as serious with, who are those people
Sergio Molina: Mom family.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So host Sergio when he's around his mom and his girlfriend.
Sergio Molina: More
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Detail jokes or you're more of the person that just laughs at the jokes.
Sergio Molina: I'm more of a listener.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So how does, how do you communicate with your girlfriend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Joke
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, does she do most of the talking to you do the talking. Was that dynamic like
Sergio Molina: You are like to listen for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there certain situations that make you just kind of shut down and that you don't get serious all over again. Your loss come back up.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, maybe when I get proved wrong.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, my friends, Iran, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So to be proven wrong, that means you have to have been in a position to be arguing or trying to state your claim that what you do.
Sergio Molina: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How have you tried to work on. Well, is that
Sergio Molina: Just accepting that I'm wrong, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's worked well for you and getting you to open up and smile more. Let's see it. I see.
Sergio Molina: I'm just
Sergio Molina: The drugs in general, we're
Sergio Molina: Happy drugs for sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That was your drug of choice that the drugs that made you more happy.
Sergio Molina: Know the drugs, the drugs that I was on didn't make me happy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you're saying being off the drugs.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On this, I just said the first time. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we said we're going to work on this triggers work on some coping skills and maintaining your daily responsibilities.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm curious to know more about your family. What made me curious is when you talk about, I think you said, was it your cousin.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Who said she's not from her from here. She's your nurturing figure or he's electric
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, where's your family from
Sergio Molina: My family's from Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, were you born in Mexico or here.
Sergio Molina: I was born here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So tell me about that dynamic your parents were born in Mexico and they will appear.
Sergio Molina: So yeah, my mom, my mom and my dad are from Mexico. My mom came to the United States.
Sergio Molina: When she was six months pregnant with me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And how was the transition in the that station to the United States culture. What was that like for your family, do they have to. They have to talk about it.
Sergio Molina: I mean, no they don't really talk about it, but I'm sure it was rough because they didn't know how to speak the language so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What
Sergio Molina: Does a lot of people here. I'm sure they figured it out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They came straight to New Mexico.
Or whether you
Sergio Molina: Know they came straight to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did they get jobs right away. Was it your mom that was working or just your father. What was that upbringing. My
Sergio Molina: Just my mom.
Sergio Molina: My Father's Day.
Sergio Molina: I stayed in Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So she here by herself.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, she came here with the two sisters and a brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What major Father's Day, the home.
Sergio Molina: He just didn't want to leave this country. He got
Sergio Molina: He got killed it. When I was like seven years old, so I don't really know him.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How did your mom process is that
Sergio Molina: No, they weren't together anymore so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She have any reaction.
Sergio Molina: I don't really remember.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your mom's personality like to see serious like you
Sergio Molina: Yeah, she's pretty mean
Sergio Molina: Me. She's aggressive
Weekly.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, she couldn't be.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, I have.
Sergio Molina: Two brothers and a sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And where are you, oh, this little young is
Sergio Molina: I'm the oldest
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you did say that you started working at an early age. Right.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'll come because your mom wasn't working.
Sergio Molina: She was just on drugs.
Sergio Molina: To number around
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Her drugs of choice.
Sergio Molina: Well, crack
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The crack you started when she was in Mexico of winching with here.
Sergio Molina: You know, it was here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Longer story of how how that started for her. The crack addiction.
Sergio Molina: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I don't remember discussing that when I read your bio psychosocial and those so many that sometimes I forget. So I'm curious to know, because whenever there's an ad in the family, the family unit and because you have brothers and sisters, everyone plays a role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So there's the added to sell with your mom.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's an enabler. That's the person that kind of denies there being a problem and they convince everyone else, but it's not a problem. And they just come to ignore it. Who was the enabler in your family.
Sergio Molina: Grow my brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Younger
Sergio Molina: Brother. He's the middle
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's his personality like
Sergio Molina: He's a
Sergio Molina: Very negative and
Sergio Molina: Kochi, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your relationship like with him.
Sergio Molina: I don't talk to him.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, the here on the family. They're the hard working perfectionist. They try to make the family seem as normal as possible, even though there's an addict. They try and get lots of achievements do everything right so that the family can look as normal as possible. Who is that in your family.
Sergio Molina: Don't want to see myself well
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's say yourself.
Sergio Molina: Yeah.
Sergio Molina: It's myself then
Sergio Molina: I mean nobody graduated in my family. I graduated
Sergio Molina: I still have a job, they're still on drugs so
Sergio Molina: I don't know. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, I really think it's us because typically the hero is the oldest child.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: take on the responsibility they want everything to be right. And so we take pride in the achievements, they made
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's why discipline and structure is so important for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's probably why you take like a little more seriously and for you. Now you're trying to find a balance because the seriousness is good because it gives me the discipline. But I also want to enjoy night and feel happy and not always feel like I have responsibility.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That accurate.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's a scapegoat in the family. That's the person that gets blamed for all of the problems.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: These people when they get older, it's escape goal is a guy. They're kind of more aggressive. The act of violence that the Skakel is a woman, they run away alive or they're a little more promiscuous as far as sex goals, but they're the ones that always be the problem the issue.
Sergio Molina: Let's play my little brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Youngest one
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's also a mascot. That's the person that tries to make everybody laugh. They don't want to really deal with the issues.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like that happy place.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For the family.
Sergio Molina: My sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The youngest one
Sergio Molina: There's only got the one, there's only one she's the second oldest
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was there a lost child in your family. They're the ones that like the invisible. People forget about that person they have trouble with forming relationships and connecting with other people.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, but my little brother, does that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The same. I'm the same one. That's the mascot. I mean, the scapegoat.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So he's escaped goal. And the last shot.
Sergio Molina: All he does is just follow the middle brother around
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To ask these questions because when I asked about culture because that plays a huge dynamic one and how people respond to addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And communication styles you know all of our attachments start from childhood. So you have a mom that migrates to the United States with her siblings without the caretaker, the father for children. She gets here. She does his own language.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now she's addicted to drugs.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She processes all of the struggles through her anger through her addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You'd be in the oldest child rise up as the hero and takes pride in all the accomplishments and just trying to do things right, because by you being an order. It makes everything seem there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Everybody plays a role in our family structure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your brother. That was the scapegoat. And the last child.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is probably more so just the last child because he doesn't have any sense of identity. He doesn't know what to do in this unit.
Your sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your sister who's the mascot who tries to bring the humor tries to to she may struggle with addiction to because to just try to keep light in the situation and the issues through comedy not taking like so seriously.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is your sister abusing drugs or alcohol.
Sergio Molina: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your relationship like with your sister.
Sergio Molina: Man, or the closest
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you guys support each other because she's the one that brings the humor in your the serious one. So we need to work together. What does that look like
Sergio Molina: Which a little bit more open
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Brings on one side.
Sergio Molina: I'm almost like mom and
Son
Sergio Molina: With each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She being the mom.
Sergio Molina: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Even though you're the oldest
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that hero complex it's exhausting of always having to do right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To make the right decisions. It's a lot of responsibility.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when you take up that here. Okay, you can just relax with your system.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where is your girlfriend come in the mix.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She made she has allowed you to take off that here. Okay, where do you feel the need to keep on the hero with your girl.
Sergio Molina: She was
Sergio Molina: She was verbally abuse for a long time so I
Sergio Molina: Try to be really open with her. So I try to watch sedate and stuff. So I guess I could take off the king.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Protective with your words be serious be responsible. So it almost seems like that hero Kate stays on, because the hero is the protector.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They have to do right to make the unit normal to make things function. So what I heard that is that to keep your girlfriend say listen more watch what you say because you don't want to trigger her to think that she's in another situation that's not healthy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What ways could you share that she seems like a very safe space for you and what ways could you practice that new goal that you want to work on and being more open and not being so serious.
Sergio Molina: Know maybe
Sergio Molina: Interact with her kids more
Sergio Molina: Once nine and the other ones 11
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What is it, girls, girls.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a hospital women.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're smart man, if you're watching your words.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For women.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This madman.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm thinking in that role with a house full of women, you already being the oldest having to be the responsible one in a family where your mom was an addict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That that dynamic must make it difficult to just relax and laugh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Sergio Molina: Yeah.
Sergio Molina: So right now, they're not even going with their debt so
Sergio Molina: They're here. They've been here for like a month straight
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's that been like for you.
Sergio Molina: It's been good.
It doesn't bother me.
Sergio Molina: I guess get closer and closer to them.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Kids are a great source of letting your guard down and having fun.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm thinking a great way to practice this, this new goal of yours is to do it in a safe space with with the girls because they're home they're probably wanting to play different board games, or watch a silly show together different things in common to their world.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Allow yourself to take off a hero cake for a while and just really know what it feels like to just enjoy the moment and not worry about responsibilities.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that's all children do all day, every day, you have the responsibility. They're looking for a way of when is this gonna be over soccer just relaxing.
Sergio Molina: Yeah but but see, if you do that, then they want to do it every single day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, well, you take moments of time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You choose a point in the day and it doesn't have to be the same time every day but moments throughout the day where you think
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me, let me go into the world for a bit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And trust me, they'll respect the boundary. If you give them enough of that on an ongoing basis.
Sergio Molina: I mean I guess I can
Sergio Molina: Act like a kid. So I like to have
Sergio Molina: four wheelers and stuff so
Sergio Molina: We go forward with it and i mean i take them out for rides and
Sergio Molina: I I turned into a good luck to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. So you already identify opportunities where you allow yourself to have fun and you're not as serious
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So maybe increase those moments so that what other opportunities present itself to laugh and to just relax and to take off the hero, Kate, you can do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That way you get that balance that you're looking for.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any other goals you want to add to your treatment plan.
Sergio Molina: To overload myself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right. Any thoughts or questions.
Sergio Molina: So some lady commented, if
Sergio Molina: Facing
Sergio Molina: She said them another point on the 17th. Is it for the same thing.
With me
Sergio Molina: I'm thinking you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know the
Sergio Molina: Oh yeah, and I need to get my the rest of my meds. I don't have my
Sergio Molina: She said she was gonna go for the rest of them. We have a meeting. Remember
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, so I'm going to email her, let her know that you showed up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I don't have anything before April 17 and they didn't put a note about it. So I don't know what that's about.
Sergio Molina: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Alright, so you need a refill. I'll just let her know that you showed up to the appointment.
Sergio Molina: Yeah, just till Monday. She only gave me enough till
Today,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. All right. I'll send her an email now.
Sergio Molina: Alrighty.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right. Thank you.
Have a good night.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Bye.